[Music]
so after my alarm goes off I might use
it a couple of times but I try to get up
and not stay in bed too long and then I
always make my bed first thing it just
helps me start the day with a clean room
and the clean mind and then I'll usually
check my phones any text messages from
last night that I missed and then I
always check the weather because Boston
weather is pretty variable and I like to
be prepared for the day and pick out my
outfit and then I'll just go to the
hallway bathroom and brush my teeth wash
my face to my skincare routine and just
get ready for the day and then I don't
do this every morning but I try to do
some yoga and stretch a little bit
because I'm usually sore right when I
wake up and I find that stretching just
helps me prepare for my day better and
puts me in a really good mood
[Music]
and I love doing yoga so I'm working on
my practice and then I do do this every
day I like to meditate for like five to
ten minutes because I find that it just
really helps me clear my mind and get
focused and kind of get rid of all of
the noise and the distracting thoughts
that I'm always thinking about so it
really helps me just get my brain in a
good mood for classes and just for
enjoying things and then I always make
sure to take my vitamins every day so
the ones that I use are by a company
called care of and they're actually
partnering with me on today's video so
thank you so much care of and the thing
I like about carob is that they're all
specialized to your needs and they all
come in these personalized little
packets with your name on them and like
a quote or fun fact for the day so
they're actually really fun to take and
then it can be kind of difficult to know
what you really should be taking and I
know I've struggled with this so care of
has this online quiz where they will ask
you questions about like your diet your
lifestyle your immune system kind of
just your your body's needs and then
they will personalize the vitamin
recommendations for you so you're really
only taking what you need to be taking
just for your body so I really like this
because everything is customized to my
body and my diet and my exercise level
so they know that I'm a student
they know that I'm vegan and then they
give recommendations based on that so
everything is specifically for me and
like what I need to be taking
and then it only takes about five
minutes and then at the end you'll have
personalized recommendations for
vitamins and for proteins if you need
them so these are mine so I have a
veggie Omega because I'm vegan so I
can't take fish oil but I still want to
get those omega-3s and then I also have
plant protein because I need more
protein in my diet and then every month
you'll get delivered to your door your
own personalized recommendation so
there's my vitamin pack with my name on
it and then protein with my name on it
too it's just really cool and then
there's also these little packets for
on-the-go and they also have these
little quick stick powders for a little
pick-me-up so I got the ones for stress
because I'm a student and I'm always
stressed so it really helps so Kara also
has an app so you can set reminders to
take your vitamins every day and then
when you do take them you can work that
you did so it's like a little game and
you feel very accomplished which I like
and then for 50% off your first order go
to take care of comm and enter the promo
code Sienna 50 which is just for you
guys so I love taking them and I feel so
healthy so I really hope you guys do too
so after I'm ready for the day I have a
little bit of studying to do
so my first class is Korean and I'm just
doing a little bit of homework for that
[Music]
my handwriting is kind of bad don't
judge me but I'm trying to get better
[Music]
and then I just packed my bag for the
day and make sure I have everything and
set out for my first class
[Music]
most days I have time to get breakfast
in the D Hall but today I didn't so I
just went and picked up a green juice my
first class of the day it's Korean and
it's in northwest labs so I had there oh
that's ok this is my section leader east
song singing and she's incredible I love
her
I have Korean every single day and I
have so much fun in this class and then
after I'll head to lunch and this is
Annenberg the freshman dining hall and
this is where we eat all of our meals
thank you and this year they put in a
plant-based section which always makes
me so happy I always feel like hugging
the dining-hall workers whenever I see
the amazing vegan food that they made
and then this is my friend Jonathan and
we were just grabbing quick lunch before
our classes and he was showing off his
tattoo next I head to my Women and
Gender Studies class which is my
favorite class and I look forward to it
every single week and then after classes
are done for the day all head to the
Smith Center which is the Campus Center
and I have a job there so I work at one
of the desks and just kind of point
people in directions and tell them where
the bathroom is and I got to do my
homework while doing it so it's pretty
nice job and I usually sit there for
about two or three hours that's usually
the length of one of my shifts
after my shift is over I get a text from
one of my friends saying we should go
study on the lawn in front of Widener
Library because it's such a beautiful
day so we go put out a little blanket
and study but also just kind of goof off
ah this is one of my really good friends
ma day and she's a junior so I'm always
happy when she wants to hang out with a
first-year like me and then after
studying of it we had to tante to get
some coffee and like an afternoon
pick-me-up and do a little more studying
together we were actually doing our
taxes together which was pretty funny we
both have no idea how to do taxes and
we're helping each other out just used
to let me buy her coffee and then bought
mine and Tata is a favorite amongst
Harvard students because it has really
good food and coffee and it just has
such a nice ambiance so I always come
here to study and then after ma day
leads I really get to work on a draft
for one of my papers for my expose class
which is like our expository writing
class which is a requirement for all
freshmen sometimes if I really need to
focus I'll go to a Widener but I really
like coffee shop vibes and the kind of
background noise so I really do a lot of
my studying in coffee shops and then
it's back to the Berg which is what we
call the freshmen dining hall and I'm
getting dinner with my really good
friend Lucy
and then after dinner we decided to go
work out which I usually like to do
before dinner and I was really full so
it probably wasn't the best idea but we
went and did some cardio so I like to go
on the elliptical machines and I'll
usually go for like about an hour maybe
45 minutes if I'm short on time and then
I always listen to music because it
helps me work out better so I'm
listening to BTS of course and make sure
to stream map of the soul persona
because it's a really good album
and then this is us looking all sweaty
but very happy after an hour-long
workout and then we just go to some ab
work together I try to work out about
five days a week but it doesn't always
happen so some weeks it's more like
three some weeks if it's really bad it's
more like one but I always try to get a
workout in because I think it's really
important especially as a student you
just cope with stress and work your body
break a sweat and it really helps with
like my mental health and mental clarity
I think it's really important and then
after I always make sure to stretch and
then straight from the gym I head to my
women and business committee meeting and
this is my chair Samantha she's so cute
I love her a lot
I really love my committee we have a lot
of fun and then when I get back it's a
little after 9 p.m.
so I just shower and get ready for bed
[Music]
that is me goofing off in trying to be
cute and then after I've done my
skincare routine and I'm fully ready for
bed I get in PJs and do a little bit of
reading and this is Virginia walls to
the lighthouse so I always like to read
before bed because I think it's a lot
healthier than being on your phone even
though I'm definitely on my phone you
know get off your phone at this point
it's about midnight and I just switch
off the light and go to bed into it all
again the next day I really hope you
guys enjoyed seeing a day in my life and
make sure to LIKE and subscribe and I'll
see you in the next video thanks so much
for watching
[Music]